Update SECURITY.md (#14675)
MystenLabs/sui: SECURITY.md

| Excessive storage rebate on 0x5 object right after epoch change:

> Each on-chain object is associated with a storage rebate, which would be refunded to the owner if it ever gets deleted. Epoch change transactions are special in that they are system transactions without a sender, hence any excessive storage rebate generated in that transaction is kept in the 0x5 object. This means that the first person touching the 0x5 object in each epoch may be able to obtain those excessive rebate by simply touching this object (e.g. a failed staking request). We will look into a way to evenly distribute those excessive rebates such that it does not lead to any undesired behaviors.  | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each on-chain object is associated with a storage rebate, which would be refunded to the owner if it ever gets deleted. Epoch change transactions are special in that they are system transactions without a sender, hence any storage rebate generated in that transaction is kept in the 0x5 object. This means that the first person touching the 0x5 object in each epoch may be able to obtain that rebate by simply touching this object (e.g. a failed staking request). We will look into a way to evenly distribute any these rebates such that it does not lead to any undesired behaviors.  | |
```

This PR LGTM, this wording seems slightly better to me but I may be misunderstanding the usage of "excessive".
